Let's go ahead and get started.
The first thing that we're going to do is,
we're going to load some real pointCloud data.
So let's check out what this looks like.
Right now, I'm just going to go into the classroom and
go in to see what instructions are in there but
this is the actual PCD that we're loading up and in order to do this,
let's go ahead and we're going to create a brand new function.
So this is going to be in an environment.cpp,
and this new function is going to be basically the same format as simpleHighway.
But now instead of using simpleHighway and using
this virtual simulated highway environment,
we're going to have this new function that we're going to call,
and basically it's going to be doing three things for us here.
We're going to be creating a new pointProcessor inside this function,
and instead of using pcl pointXYZ,
we're going to be using pcl pointXYZI.
So now, we're dealing with pointClouds with intensity values,
and we're using those templates inside the pointProcessors.
So now, we can actually go ahead and use
that same exact initialization for a pointProcessor,
and now all we have to do is fill in that template argument placement.
So if we look in the classroom,
all we have to do is say, "Hey,
now instead of using pcl pointXYZ,
I have this extra I component,
so now I'm dealing with intensity pointClouds."
In this function, I mean there's a couple of
different ways that we can set up this pointProcessor,
in the classroom it's showing it being initialized with the new keyword,
so it's going to be a pointer.
So that's if you want to initialize it on the heap.
You can also initialize it on the stack.
Instead of being a pointer,
then you can just go ahead and do pointProcessor and set the name.
So you can just do pointProcessor and then semicolon,
instead of using a new keyword.
That's what we've kind of been using as an example throughout the previous lessons,
so your choice on that one.
Then once you create this pointProcessor in this cityBlock,
you're going to actually load up a pointCloud.
So here we're loading up this pointXYZI pointCloud,
and we're going to use a pointProcessor's load PCD function now.
All the data for this real PCD is located in source sensors data PCD,
and then there's data 1.
In data 1, we have this PCD file, and let's look at it.
We have 1, 2, 3,
4, 5, 6, 7,
8, 9, 10 zeros.
So it has this format where it has 10 digits and there's like 10 zeros,
and then nine zeros followed by 1,2,3.
So that's just kind of the format that we're using for this PCD,
and those numbers are actually showing it in chronological order.
So the string of 10 zeros will be the first one,
then we have these zeros and a one, that will be the second,
and we'll be using that later to actually stream back PCD data.
So basically, you're just going to be loading
up this single PCD in this new cityBlock function,
and then you can go ahead and render that pointCloud
using the familiar render pointCloud functions that we've been working with,
and go ahead and give it that pointCloud
that you want to render to the viewer and then name it something.
So in this case,
we're just naming it inputCloud.
So basically, we're going to go through this first exercise here,
where we're going to actually just load up some PCD and show it in the viewer,
and then we'll be looking at some other processing techniques for that.
So for this first exercise,
just go ahead and load up this PCD,
this is what the results should look like in the viewer,
and what you're going to do is,
you're going to create this new cityBlock function.
It's very similar to simpleHighway,,
it's copied all the code from simpleHighway,
and then use that cityBlock.
But after you create this cityBlock function,
then just create that new point processor that's working with pointXYZI,
and go ahead and do a render, so renderPointCloud.
That's going to render that loaded up
PCD pointCloud with the real self-driving card data.
So that'll be the first exercise, I think.
Yeah, go ahead and try creating that new cityBlock function and load up that PCD,
and see what it looks like.